Project Name: Online Virtual Phone System

Version: 1.0

Date: September 22, 2023

Team Name: Team Endgame

<center><span style="font-size: 24px;">VERSION HISTORY</span></center>

---

\[Provide information on how the development and distribution of the
Project Charter Template up to the final point of approval was
controlled and tracked. Use the table below to provide the version
number, the author implementing the version, the date of the version,
the name of the person approving the version, the date that particular
version was approved, and a brief description of the reason for creating
the revised version.\]

| Verison Number | Implemented By | Revision Date | Approved By | Approval Date | Reason |
|----------|----------|----------|----------|----------|----------|
| 1.0 | Rutu Barvaliya  | September 26, 2023 | TBD | TBD | TBD |

<center><span style="font-size: 24px;">TABLE OF CONTENTS</span></center>

---

[1. Introduction](#introduction)

- [1.1 Purpose of Project Charter](#purpose-of-project-charter)

[2. Project And Product Overview](#project-and-product-overview)

[3. Justification](#justification)

- [3.1 Objectives](#objectives)

- [3.2 High-Level Requirements](#high-level-requirements)

- [3.3 Major Deliverables](#major-deliverables)

- [3.4 Scope](#scope)

[4. Duration](#duration)

- [4.1 Timeline](#timeline)

- [4.2 Executive Milestones](#executive-milestones)

[5. Assumptions, Constraints And Risks](#assumptions-constraints-and-risks)

- [5.1 Assumptions](#assumptions)

- [5.2 Constraints](#constraints)

- [5.3 Risks](#risks)

[6. Project Organization](#project-organization)

- [6.1 Stakeholders (Internal and External)](#stakeholders-internal-and-external)

- [6.2 Roles and Responsibilities](#roles-and-responsibilities)

[7. Project Charter Approval](#project-charter-approval)

[APPENDIX A: REFERENCES](#appendix-a:-references)

# Introduction

## Purpose of Project Charter

\[Provide the purpose of the project charter.\]

The *\<Project Name\>* project charter documents and tracks the
necessary information required by decision maker(s) to approve the
project for funding. The project charter should include the needs,
scope, justification, and resource commitment as well as the project's
sponsor(s) decision to proceed or not to proceed with the project. It is
created during the Initiating Phase of the project.

The intended audience of the *\<Project Name\>* project charter is the
project sponsor and senior leadership.

# Project And Product Overview

\[Typically, the description should answer who, what, when and where, in
a concise manner. It should also state the estimated project duration
(e.g., 18 months) and the estimated project budget (e.g., \$1.5M).

# Justification

## Objectives

\[*identify the objectives using **SMART (Specific, Measurable,
Attainable, Relevant, Time-bound)***\]

The objectives of the *\<Project Name\>* are as follows:

-   *\[Insert Objective 1\]*

-   *\[Insert Objective 2\]*

-   *\[Add additional bullets as necessary\]*

## High-Level Requirements

The following table presents the requirements that the project's
product, service or result must meet in order for the project objectives
to be satisfied.

## Major Deliverables

The following table presents the major deliverables that the project's
product, service or result must meet in order for the project objectives
to be satisfied.


## Scope

\[Describe the inclusive and exclusive boundaries of the project.
Specifically address items that are out of scope.\]

# Duration

## Timeline

\[An example of a high-level timeline is provided below.\]

## Executive Milestones 

\[Example: For CPIC major/tactical projects, these milestones could be
used to complete the Funding Plan/Cost and Schedule section of the OMB
Exhibit 300.\]

The table below lists the high-level Executive Milestones of the project
and their estimated completion timeframe.


# Assumptions, Constraints And Risks

## Assumptions

\[Example: The system is being developed to capture data from public
health partners. One assumption is that data is entered electronically
into the system.\]

This section identifies the statements believed to be true and from
which a conclusion was drawn to define this project charter.

1.  \[Insert description of the first assumption.\]

2.  *\[Insert description of the second assumption.\]*

## Constraints

\[Example: There might be time constraints on developing a system that
is used to track data of highly infectious diseases like SARS.\]

This section identifies any limitation that must be taken into
consideration prior to the initiation of the project.

1.  *\[Insert description of the first constraint.\]*

2.  *\[Insert description of the second constraint.\]*

## Risks

\[Example: The risk of accessibility or unavailability of public health
partners for obtaining requirements to develop a data collection system
may delay project deliverables. A possible mitigation strategy might be
to schedule requirement sessions with the partners as early as possible.
List the risks that the project sponsor should be aware of before making
a decision on funding the project, including risks of not funding the
project.\]


# Project Organization

## Stakeholders (Internal and External)

\[Examples of stakeholders include an epidemiologist performing a
behavioral research project and people in the field collecting data
using a software application (the proposed project) to collect the data
required for a behavioral research project.\]

## Roles and Responsibilities

\[Depending on your project organization, you may modify the roles and
responsibilities listed in the table below.\] \[You can put the project
sponsor as TA\] \[Project manager could be the member take the role for
this round.\]


#  Project Charter Approval

The undersigned acknowledge they have reviewed the project charter and
authorize and fund the *\<Project Name\>* project. Changes to this
project charter will be coordinated with and approved by the undersigned
or their designated representatives.

\[List the individuals whose signatures are desired. Examples of such
individuals are Business Steward, Project Manager or Project Sponsor.
Add additional lines for signature as necessary. Although signatures are
desired, they are not always required to move forward with the practices
outlined within this document.\]

  ------------- ------------------------------------ ------- --------------
  Signature:                                         
  
  Date:   

  Print Name:                                                

  Title:                                                     

  Role:                                                      
  ------------- ------------------------------------ ------- --------------

  ------------- ------------------------------------ ------- --------------
  Signature:                                         
  
  Date:   

  Print Name:                                                

  Title:                                                     

  Role:                                                      
  ------------- ------------------------------------ ------- --------------

  ------------- ------------------------------------ ------- --------------
  Signature:                                         
  
  Date:   

  Print Name:                                                

  Title:                                                     

  Role:                                                      
  ------------- ------------------------------------ ------- --------------

# APPENDIX A: REFERENCES

\[Insert the name, version number, description, and physical location of
any documents referenced in this document. Add rows to the table as
necessary.\]

> The following table summarizes the documents referenced in this
> document.
